So this is the website for my
smart home system and it has all
the information about the
project, about the team, about
the company and it's all in tabs
that you can click on and go to
and navigate.
It has everything from our work,
our skills, our team, the
pricing, how to contact us and a
login page. So currently there's
one login here in Firebase I can
add another login by just
putting the information into
these
These fields here.
So that's done and that
instantly shows up in Firebase
because of this JavaScript file.
So if I go back into the login
page now, I can use that to
basically,
log in.
And it brings me to the home
page. So currently the home page
is showing the temperatures. So
now when I run the Python
program.
I'll quickly register the room.
You'll see the temperatures
start showing up on the graph,
and I had heated up the micro
bit a little bit, so now the
temperature is going to drop
just like that.
And as the temperature drops,
the current temperature in
Firebase also changes.
So that you can, you can see the
changes in temperature of your
house in real time on the
website,
as the program runs and the data
is graphed,
using Firebase and Python.
While the Python program is
running, you can register by
pressing the A button on your
microbit which sends your ID,
your name, the room that you're
in, and the current time to
Firebase which uploads it under
registry. So first I'll register
the room that we're in by
pressing the A button on the micro
bit, and when the room is
registered you can control the
devices in the room through the
website. So when I click open
window that sends- that changes
the status in Firebase which
Python reads and then sends to
the microbit connected to it,
which then radio signals it to
the microbit connected to the
servo, and then that's able to
rotate the servo. So the website
can also be used to control the
devices in the different rooms.
So if I head over to the rooms
tab, I can select any of these
rooms and I can adjust or change
the status of the devices there.
So if I turn on the air
conditioner in Firebase, the
condition automatically switches
to on,
off. I can open up open the
blinds. I can lower them and I
can do this for any of the
rooms.
Like so.
So all of these devices, they can
be connected to Python, or, a
microbit and they can be
controlled from the website. So
the way the website works with Python
and Firebase is using JavaScript,
so whenever I press any of the
buttons in the website they call
a specific function in
JavaScript which then
communicates to Firebase and in
the case of turning on the air
conditioning,
it sets the condition to on or
off, or in the case of windows,
to open or close.
And similarly, when make-
creating login or checking
logins,
Uhm,
JavaScript communicates with
Firebase and gets the
information,
uh, that's already there in
Firebase to check whether the
user- the email or the password
match, and then if- if they do
match then it opens the home
page for the user. So to plot
the graph about the temperatures
in the website, I used Plotly in
JavaScript which communicates
with Firebase and- and retrieves
the information about each of
the rooms and uses that
information,
uh, to gather- to create a set of
data which it uses to plot a
graph in the HTML site. This
entire system is connected to
each other. This website to- to
the database, Firebase, and then
an embedded system for which I
used microbits, and all of these
systems are able to communicate
with each other and transfer
data to create a smart home.